README.md, before:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MediaModMC/MediaMod/master/src/main/resources/assets/mediamod/header.png">
</p>

View your current song in Minecraft with support for services like Spotify, YouTube, SoundCloud & more!

*psst, you should join our [discord server](https://discord.gg/VSMdaRX)*

### About MediaMod
MediaMod is a Minecraft Mod that shows your current song in Minecraft, it started as an idea in my head when Spotify changed their API so most Spotify Implementations no longer worked inside Minecraft! I decided to make a mod to support Spotify & other services

### Features
- Easy to setup, just drag to your mods directory and start Minecraft!
- Spotify Integration
- Browser Extension (show current media in YouTube, SoundCloud & more)
- Beautiful Styles
- Customize how you want it to look

### Credits
- [ConorTheDev](https://twitter.com/ConorTheDev) - Developing the Mod
- [KodingKing](https://twitter.com/KodingKing_) - Fixing a previous build issue
- [asbyth](https://twitter.com/asbythh) - Code cleaning & optimizations
- [ScottehBoeh](https://twitter.com/ScottehBoeh) - Code cleaning & New Player Design
- [AmpTheDev](https://twitter.com/AmpTheDev) - Fixing bugs

### For Developers
If you want to contribute to MediaMod, take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/MediaModMC/MediaMod/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before you make a pull request

If you are using IntelliJ IDEA (which is recommended) to fix resources not loading in a Development Environment, open ``Settings > Build, Execution, Deployment > Build Tools > Gradle`` and set 'Run and Build using:' to `IntellIJ`

If you are using a debug environment, it is recommended to use [DCEVM](https://github.com/dcevm/dcevm/releases) as an alternate VM, if you have it installed add this to your **VM ARGUMENTS** ``-XXaltjvm=dcevm``

Commit message:

📝 Add more explanation to DCEVM

README.md, after:

<p align="center">
  <img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MediaModMC/MediaMod/master/src/main/resources/assets/mediamod/header.png">
</p>

View your current song in Minecraft with support for services like Spotify, YouTube, SoundCloud & more!

*psst, you should join our [discord server](https://discord.gg/VSMdaRX)*

### About MediaMod
MediaMod is a Minecraft Mod that shows your current song in Minecraft, it started as an idea in my head when Spotify changed their API so most Spotify Implementations no longer worked inside Minecraft! I decided to make a mod to support Spotify & other services

### Features
- Easy to setup, just drag to your mods directory and start Minecraft!
- Spotify Integration
- Browser Extension (show current media in YouTube, SoundCloud & more)
- Beautiful Styles
- Customize how you want it to look

### Credits
- [ConorTheDev](https://twitter.com/ConorTheDev) - Developing the Mod
- [KodingKing](https://twitter.com/KodingKing_) - Fixing a previous build issue
- [asbyth](https://twitter.com/asbythh) - Code cleaning & optimizations
- [ScottehBoeh](https://twitter.com/ScottehBoeh) - Code cleaning & New Player Design
- [AmpTheDev](https://twitter.com/AmpTheDev) - Fixing bugs

### For Developers
If you want to contribute to MediaMod, take a look at [CONTRIBUTING.md](https://github.com/MediaModMC/MediaMod/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md) before you make a pull request

If you are using IntelliJ IDEA (which is recommended) to fix resources not loading in a Development Environment, open ``Settings > Build, Execution, Deployment > Build Tools > Gradle`` and set 'Run and Build using:' to `IntellIJ`

If you are using a debug environment, it is recommended to use [DCEVM](https://github.com/dcevm/dcevm/releases) as an alternate VM, if you have it installed add this to your **VM ARGUMENTS** ``-XXaltjvm=dcevm``. This will allow you to do more hotswapping without having to restart your client!
